the dawn of the universe

okay so there is already a universe existing, origins unknown. it is a dark, quiet universe 
one entity lives on it, just one. 
he just found himself existing in an instant, the reason how did he get there is just unknown.
he observed the universe, it is a cold, dark and quiet. 
the best that he could do is just wait for something to happen.
so he waited, and waited.
But nothing happened. 
Alone and desperate in the cold, dark and quiet universe.
He wanted to find something like him, some company to survive, or just be not lonely.
So he tried to move, seeking someone. 
He travelled the very wide universe, hoping someone would see him. 
Until he saw something
Just a matter, a rock probably. 
Oh! atlast he said to himself. 
He looked around, and found many of them.
Atlast! Something is in here, he said to himself.
He finally concluded that there is someone like him, searching for a company. 
Knowing that he is not alone in the universe, he became happy.
That moment gave him a hope to carry on. 
He carried on searching for new things.
As time goes by, the rocks that he encounters increases in numbers and size from time to time.
He also encountered different matters, as he travels in the universe
Those were his motivations to move forward and search.
As he thought it was just another evidence of another entity.  
So he continued travelling in the unknown period of time. 
Until he found a rock, way bigger than him.
And that rock collided with other rock with the same size. 
Shrapnels emerged from the collided rocks. 
One shrapnel started to come into him. 
He dodged it successfully.
One bigger shrapnel is approaching him. 
And it was way bigger than him. 
Dodging it is impossible.
He must figure a way to dodge a big shrapnel.
He thought that he can try to navigate away from the big shrapnel. 
He turned the back from the shrapnel and started to move. 
But when he faced the shrapnel again, he noticed something strange. 
There was a new type of matter, he had never seen before. 
It is in small amount, he could barely see them. 
He observed the matter he just saw. 
Some drops of them turned into a different types of matters, others turned into a stone.
And he sees some of them coming from him, right when he faced the shrapnel.
Something snapped right out of the entity's mind. 
He figured out that the rocks he saw in the journey, were the part of him. 
The another types of matters to, were the part of him.
Those were came from him, little did he know.
There is no other entity living in the universe, apart from him. 
That shocking truth made him move no more. 
But he realized there is a problem to solve. 
He bursted his movement away from the shrapnel. 
Some came right out of him, and it touched the shrapnel. 
The moment the part of him touched the shrapnel, the shrapnel exploded to pieces. 
He escaped!
He realized the amount of time and effort searching for someone. 
That turned out to be just him.
But he did not gave up on his purpose, he searched and he searched the whole wide universe. 
He would rather die trying to find someone than live another moment doing nothing.
So he continued to travel, even if there is a bigger rock that comes in his way, he would blast them to pieces. 
Until one moment, he could not move no more. 
There are no matters coming right out of him. 
And there are no matters that is smaller than him.
He cannot continue no more, and this made him so sad. 
His lifelong question has never been answered, he did not know if there is someone with him. 
The sentience is the only thing that left in him. 
The concluded fact that he cannot move anymore, is slowly sinking in on him.
His purpose was destroyed in an instant. 
With only sentience left in him, he became so lonely.
He cannot bear the sadness anymore.
He wanted to go far away from what he sees. 
He wanted to go in anydirection, in an instant. 
Because of his desperation to go far away, he exploded. 
And the explosion reached until the borders of the universe. 
The explosion was so huge it has huge amount of energy that reached the border of universe, and made them move that universe started to expand. 
Rumors say that the expansion of the universe still continues up to the present.
No one can say when the universe will stop expanding...  